Create ui-c8y-1018-503-144-reverted-security-fix-as-it-broke-branding-preview-8372.md (#2972)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1018-503-144-reverted-security-fix-as-it-broke-branding-preview-8372.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixing branding preview functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed branding preview functionality
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62771
version: 1018.503.144
---

> A recent fix inadvertently caused the branding preview feature to stop working properly. The fix has been reverted to restore this functionality for users. This change ensures that users can once again preview their branding changes before applying them. The initial fix will be re-evaluated and fixed in a future update to avoid impacting the branding preview feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A recent fix inadvertently caused the branding preview feature to stop working properly. The fix has been reverted to restore this functionality for users. This change ensures that users can again preview their branding changes before applying them. The initial fix will be re-evaluated and added in a future update without impacting the branding preview feature.
```
